hi I'm Sarah from the good food cookery
team and I'm going to show you how to
make a cranberry mojito so perfect for
the winter season Christmas Day New
Year's Eve and it's a good one to do in
quantity as well if you're having a
party so from the top fresh cranberries
like or hey everyone it is a bit like a
mojito and I'm gonna crush them up and
that's gonna be the base of my drinks so
I've got about a hundred and forty grams
in there or so and took about two
tablespoons of brown sugar again taste
it when you've done it because if it's a
little bit tart because of the
cranberries you might want to add more
and then classic mojito I'm going in
with some mint you could do this with
blue breeze if you didn't like
cranberries or raspberries or something
Corina what do you is this one more to
your taste Corinna yeah yeah like
cranberries this is any kind of brown
sugar or is it like a they're soft brown
sort of mr. Weiler stuff I've got soft
brown but to be honest if I was doing
this home I'd probably just use normal
brown sugar like Demerara because it's
crunchy I think it helps it almost helps
like in the pestle and mortar oh I'm
gonna take the rolling pin but it sort
of is more of a texture to help crush up
the cranberries if you don't I mean like
you know when you do garlic and you use
some salt with it
a bit of an abrasive surface to help
sort of mash it up so yeah so I've got
cranberries mint leaves and my sugar and
then just I don't you know if you don't
have a pestle and mortar big enough like
me I've just got end of a rolling pin
I'm just going to go in
it's as good as that sack a bit for
Christmas work which really looks how
much mint
I've got about handle in there I would
say you can add some more into the
glasses as well once you've made is some
kind of nice fresh sprigs I'm also going
to put cranberry juice in there because
just something a little bit sweeter and
add more color because actually I'm all
cranberries on that sort of juicy like
you don't crush them again load of juice
like if you're doing strawberry though
if your eyes freeze so there we go
mojitos are probably the messiest thing
to make it a kitchen I don't know I
think you always see the barman's face
fall a little bit when you ask for a
Mohito time for steering isn't it that's
the thing as well
yeah it's crashing yeah well I feel like
this is just sort of going to the gym
doing it nice with it it's good yes
that's a big old pistol I know it's kind
of isn't it this is my um this is my
cake decorating rolling pinks it's
really nice and smooth so it doesn't
leave marks on your icing but no you
know if you've got a wooden one
obviously anything heavy even I do know
the best way to probably do is put it
into one saucepan and then just get
smaller sauce pin in their own feet
right great crushing right I think
that's probably enough you just want to
bruise the mint as well like it's just
to really get the flavors out of the
mint as soon as you sort of tear herbs
in half or squish them in your hand or
something I just like import so much
more flavor so right I think that's
enough
good um prep it before hands yeah yeah
leave it one side until you want to then
use it
with min is it isn't it blackens a bit
but I think what I do is I probably get
all the cranberries and sugar crushed up
beforehand have like a big bowl of that
you could set up a kind of DIY thing at
your party then have a load of min and
basically just get people to tear off
Scrabble it in their hands to get really
minty and pop it in the glasses too you
know if you can see the mint already
starts to kind of blacken so quickly
it's the worst herb for kind of doing
ahead of time or adding to salads and if
you cut it like as soon as you cut mint
so I've never read mint for a cocktail
or anything like that I'd always just
try and bruise a wholly right so I'm
just gonna make these in the glasses as
well it's just why light you could set
up quite a nice little cocktail station
if you're having a party just gonna add
a bit into each glass I think I'm gonna
definitely add some more mint into this
as well make it really fresh yummy bits
you can see where all the flavor is
trying to give everyone its angel back
I'll put some ice in
all right and then a bit more just so
like you know the ice cubes sorts of
stuff everything from moving about don't
you just so you get a really nice live
through the whole drink you get nice
little chunks of stuff flavor
distribution I need to quit your job and
become a barman okay so that and then um
alcohol going in vodka again but you
could use rum if you wanted to like a
classic Mahi's I think rum and cranberry
would be quite nice I sort of use
anything you think of with your kind of
Christmas dinner really like bit of
porch would probably be quite nice port
and cranberries goes really well
together so in with vodka just a however
much you want to eat from and then like
I said I've got some extra cranberry
juice to go in with probably about half
way just to boost the flavor you get
those nice cranberry juice mixes now as
well can't you like so if you adding
blueberries could get what I think sure
they do your cranberry and blueberry and
raspberry yeah cuz some I don't know
some people don't like cranberry a lot
today but also a bit squeeze a lime in
here would really pick it up cause lime
and cranberries like such a nice
combination obviously like you know when
you add salt to food if you add lime to
cranberry juice it kind of is the same
thing and then just a bit of um I've got
sparkling water here but again you could
use soda tonic if you wanted
just to top up just to add a bit fares
it's really light and refreshing yeah
see how pretty those ones and it looks
very pretty
yeah and we don't see again it's like
Christmas colors isn't it try to find a
nice big sprig of mint to go in I mean
if you want to get a Christmas theme so
I suppose you could put a little bit of
ginger or something in just there ginger
beer would be great one of those really
fiery ginger beers has anyone tasted
that alcoholic one as well oh yeah go
image that or sort of like I don't know
even pear cider it's pear and
cranberries quite a good yeah who would
have one of these and Kareena better
Ivan loaded yeah like that one yeah it's
not too girly or too manly is it sort of
a nice one when everyone would like it's
a little bit lighter kind of a pre-meal
drink or something yeah I do have it
with your um like your nipples before
Christmas dinner I think it's smoked
salmon one of these or a little cheese
straw that'd be nice anyone thinking
that might make this then for Christmas
yeah I do making I suppose when we
cranberry when would be very raspberry
oh yeah everyone picks whatever they
want and we mixed with mint afterwards
savvy great you have your jug of sort of
soda water yeah different like bowls or
pestle and mortars with all your crushed
up different fruits and just pick which
one you like there best could probably
use um like a cheap fizz in this as well
maybe Prosecco or something like that
would be quite nice yeah adds a bit more
fears a bit more flavour so that is my
cranberry mojito
you